<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd%22%3E">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
    <title>Arkane - Home</title>
    <link href="css/style.css" rel="stylesheet" charset="UTF-8"/>
</head>
    <body style="background-color:white">
        <h1><a href="arx.html">Back to original page</a></h1>
        <p>A screen appears which appears to show a man in armour standing in an archway with a sword out. The words „Arx Fatalis” can be seen in the top right.</p>
        <p>There is a bar on the bottom which appear to gradually fill from left to right.</p>
        <p>The screen fades away.</p>
        <p>A man in a robe is standing in a room on the other end of a hallway, surrounded by candles, the camera slowly approaching him.</p>
        <p>The screen changes to a man in armour guarding a hallway, he is inside a building made of stone, there is a lit torch to his right and an extinguished one to his left.</p>
        <p>The screen changes back again to the man in the room, the camera slowly approaching him still.</p>
        <p>The screen cuts to the before mentioned man in armour still guarding the same position, but viewed from behind, where we can see that a creature with a rat like look, sneaks past behind him.</p>
        <p>The camera changes to the room again where the camera is now almost in the room.</p>
        <p>The screen cuts back to the guard again, who is now lying on the floor dead.</p>
        <p>The camera is now in the room, and we can see that the man wearing a robe is before a statue, performing some kind of ritual. He slowly raises his hands and starts speaking.</p>
        <p>The screen then fades to a tapestry of a medieval port town, men can be seen in the foreground observing boats leaving and entering the city. The word “ARX” can be seen in the sky above the city.</p>
        <p>As the screen is moving towards the right along the tapestry, an older man in a cape, wearing a crown and holding a sword can be seen, with the words “REX POXSELLIS” written above and around him in a circle like manner.</p>
        <p>Moving more to the right, a fight can be seen between horsemen. After, there is a port next to the town, with ships, and people visibly fleeing towards and on them. In the distance a fading sun can be seen.</p>
        <p>A man dressed in a robe points towards the fading sun, he is standing next to a telescope pointing towards the aforementioned sun. A younger man, dressed in kingly clothing is standing next to him. They are conversing.</p>
        <p>The next section includes an area of severe winter, with snow covering everything. In the distance, houses can be seen, from which people are coming from, holding torches towards an entrance to a mine.</p>
        <p>The camera starts to descend. Mines can be seen. There is a man holding a gas lamp walking down them. There is also a group of 4 men, all holding torches, being lowered down using a rope.</p>
        <p>More mines can be seen as the camera descends. There is a man pushing a minecart. There is a man mining using a pickaxe, and a man pushing a minecart next to him.</p>
        <p>At the bottom of the tapestry, there is a cavern, with a small town situated in it. People are walking around the town. There is a lake, with a stone bridge in the middle.</p>
        <p>The camera fades out and then back to the man performing the ritual. He is stabbed by the rat creature seen before, and dies.</p>
        <p>The camera shows a guard like before running down the hallway, towards the rat creature, he is shouting at it to stop. The creature throws a dagger at him and he dies. The creature starts running towards the way the guard came from.</p>
        <p>A group of guards, led by a visibly different guard wearing brown clothing is running after the creature in a hall. Shouting to not let him get away. The rat runs around a corner on its walls. A guard attempts to stop him, but he enters a room to the left and locks the door behind himself.</p>
        <p>Inside the room, the rat looks panicked, not knowing where to go. Outside, the guards, along with the presumed leader in brown, are conversing to break down the door. Inside, the rat casts a ritual, and just as the door gets opened, he jumps inside a portal and disappears.</p>
    </body>
</html>